2017-11-25
------
I noted that the dipole was looking a little more squirrely than usual. Further
inspection showed that the North side counterweight was sitting on the ground -
the South side anchor had slipped, though was still attached. I was able to raise
the counterweight. It had a slight effect on the antenna, it also appears that
there is a vine wrapped around the North side support rope which prevents the
antenna from shifting much. This puts the North side end of the dipole very close
to the tree. SWR seems okay, maybe a bit more narrow on 40 than usual but that
could be the fact that the center has also slipped some. This antenna needs some
work.

2017-11-23
------
Initial comments on the log. Currently the Cushcraft R7 has been erected in the
back, but no coax has been connected yet. The matchbox requires a little help
to make sure that the lid stays on, I drilled the screws out to check the interal
condition. They were too rusty to remove normally. The R7 was attacked by the
ubiquitous bittersweet vine - I chopped it off as high as I could, but the vines
got wrapped around one of the cap hats and I'll need to pull the antenna down to
remove. I hope to have this active soon, as my dipole will need to come down in
the near future.

The OCF Dipole on the long side of the property is my current main antenna. In 
theory, it is cut for 80m. As it turns out, super glue isn't load bearing and one
of the twin-lead legs has slipped up into the long leg of the dipole. A pass with
my analyzer shows the antenna is great on 60m, but a little off kilter on the other
bands. I use a tuner anyway, so not a big issue. This antenna will be coming down
when we re-side the house, the balun is screwed to the siding and will need to be
removed. During this time I'll modify the antenna with a relay to allow for 160m
operation.

HF operation is with an ICOM IC-746 and LDG-100 tuner. I have a G4ZLP digimaster
proplus interface for CAT control and audio interface with a PC, but it stopped
working earlier this year. Inspection showed a fried resistor, the higher wattage
replacement resistor I added gets too hot to touch almost immediately. I strongly
suspect there is a short internal to the IC shortly after this resistor. I may
attempt to replace the IC, but most likely the whole box will be replaced.

Current plans for the near future are:

 * Purchase feedline and get the R7 operational
 * Insert relay and radials in with the dipole to allow 160 operation

Mid range plans are:
 
 * Replace the IC-746 with an IC-9100. This will require selling a lot of stuff.
 * Place a 6m halo in a high tree near the front of the property.
  * A 2m halo, or perhaps a stack of 6m and 2m halos, may go up here as well

I also intend on running some wires in my office to set up a second operating 
location, with a patch panel outside to allow temporary antennas to be set up
for contests. I have a TS-450 as a second HF radio, but this will likely be sold
with the hopes of funding an IC-9100. I'll rely on my other ops for a second radio.
